NAMESPACE     NAME                                        TYPE           CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                         AGE
default       kubernetes                                  ClusterIP      10.96.0.1        <none>        443/TCP                         9h
kube-system   kube-dns                                    ClusterIP      10.96.0.10       <none>        53/UDP,53/TCP,9153/TCP          9h
ricinfra      service-tiller-ricxapp                      ClusterIP      10.100.236.118   <none>        44134/TCP                       8h
ricplt        aux-entry                                   ClusterIP      10.104.152.18    <none>        80/TCP,443/TCP                  8h
ricplt        r4-infrastructure-kong-manager              NodePort       10.97.254.144    <none>        8002:31581/TCP,8445:31412/TCP   8h
ricplt        r4-infrastructure-kong-proxy                LoadBalancer   10.102.169.154   <pending>     80:32080/TCP,443:32443/TCP      8h
ricplt        r4-infrastructure-kong-validation-webhook   ClusterIP      10.100.74.255    <none>        443/TCP                         8h
ricplt        r4-infrastructure-prometheus-alertmanager   ClusterIP      10.109.238.17    <none>        80/TCP                          8h
ricplt        r4-infrastructure-prometheus-server         ClusterIP      10.103.222.240   <none>        80/TCP                          8h
ricplt        sctp-service                                ClusterIP      10.108.207.50    10.0.2.15     36422/SCTP                      20m
ricplt        service-ricplt-a1mediator-http              ClusterIP      10.98.162.229    <none>        10000/TCP                       8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-a1mediator-rmr               ClusterIP      10.107.4.229     <none>        4561/TCP,4562/TCP               8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-alarmmanager-http            ClusterIP      10.98.210.1      <none>        8080/TCP                        8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-alarmmanager-rmr             ClusterIP      10.106.128.4     <none>        4560/TCP,4561/TCP               8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-appmgr-http                  ClusterIP      10.96.196.103    <none>        8080/TCP                        8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-appmgr-rmr                   ClusterIP      10.101.40.107    <none>        4561/TCP,4560/TCP               8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-dbaas-tcp                    ClusterIP      None             <none>        6379/TCP                        8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-e2mgr-http                   ClusterIP      10.96.130.174    <none>        3800/TCP                        8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-e2mgr-rmr                    ClusterIP      10.109.0.203     <none>        4561/TCP,3801/TCP               8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-e2term-prometheus-alpha      ClusterIP      10.108.221.86    <none>        8088/TCP                        8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-e2term-rmr-alpha             ClusterIP      10.103.14.116    <none>        4561/TCP,38000/TCP              8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-e2term-sctp-alpha            NodePort       10.106.38.32     <none>        36422:32222/SCTP                8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-o1mediator-http              ClusterIP      10.102.153.186   <none>        9001/TCP,8080/TCP,3000/TCP      8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-o1mediator-tcp-netconf       NodePort       10.109.70.77     <none>        830:30830/TCP                   8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-rtmgr-http                   ClusterIP      10.100.107.43    <none>        3800/TCP                        8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-rtmgr-rmr                    ClusterIP      10.97.209.198    <none>        4561/TCP,4560/TCP               8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-submgr-http                  ClusterIP      None             <none>        3800/TCP                        8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-submgr-rmr                   ClusterIP      None             <none>        4560/TCP,4561/TCP               8h
ricplt        service-ricplt-vespamgr-http                ClusterIP      10.103.185.173   <none>        8080/TCP,9095/TCP               8h
ricxapp       aux-entry                                   ClusterIP      10.101.185.132   <none>        80/TCP,443/TCP                  8h
ricxapp       service-ricxapp-hw-go-http                  ClusterIP      10.107.156.38    <none>        8080/TCP                        4h13m
ricxapp       service-ricxapp-hw-go-rmr                   ClusterIP      10.100.158.55    <none>        4560/TCP,4561/TCP               4h13m
